Add release note for u11 for xml step extension (#9658)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.11.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### Improvements

> #### Support for XML Step Extensions in XML Step Expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Support for XML step extensions in XML step expressions
```

### Improvements

#### Support for XML Step Extensions in XML Step Expression

> The XML step expression in Ballerina supports step extensions, including method invocation, index access, filtering, and their combinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XML step expression now supports step extensions, including method invocation, member access, filtering, and combinations of these.
```

```ballerina
public function main() {
    xml x = xml
    `<item><!--comment--><name>T-shirt</name><price>19.99</price><brand><name>nike</name></brand></item>
      <item><?data?><name>Backpack</name><price>34.99</price><brand><name>adidas</name></brand></item>`;

>     // Indexed step extension.
>     // Results in: `<name>nike</name><name>adidas</name>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Evaluates to `<name>nike</name><name>adidas</name>`
```

Reviewer: Let's update the rest similarly.
